A few edits (#5)
CBonnell/servercert: docs/BR.md

**Legal Entity**: An association, corporation, partnership, proprietorship, trust, government entity or other entity with legal standing in a country's legal system.

> **Linting**: A process where the content of a signed document such as a Certificate, Certificate Revocation List, or OCSP response is checked for conformance with the profile defined in these Requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Linting**: A process where the content of digitally signed data such as a Certificate, Certificate Revocation List, or OCSP response, or data-to-be-signed like a `tbsCertificate` (as described in [section 4.1.1.1 of RFC 5280](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5280#section-4.1.1.1)) is checked for conformance with the profiles and requirements defined in these Requirements.
```

### 4.3.1 CA actions during certificate issuance

#### 4.3.1.1 Manual authorization of certificate issuance for Root CAs

Certificate issuance by the Root CA SHALL require an individual authorized by the CA (i.e. the CA system operator, system officer, or PKI administrator) to deliberately issue a direct command in order for the Root CA to perform a certificate signing operation.

#### 4.3.1.2 Linting of to-be-signed Certificate content

Due to the complexity in implementing the certificate-formatting standards of these Requirements when issuing publicly-trusted Certificates, before a Certificate or Pre-certificate is issued, the CA SHOULD implement a Linting process to test the technical conformity of the Certificate to be issued with these Requirements.

Methods used to produce a certificate containing to-be-signed Certificate content include, but are not limited to:

> 1. Sign the `tbsCertificate` with a "dummy" Private Key whose Public Key component is certified by a Certificate that does not chain to a publicly-trusted CA Certificate; or

Author: ```suggestion
1. Sign the `tbsCertificate` with a "dummy" Private Key whose Public Key component is not certified by a Certificate that chains to a publicly-trusted CA Certificate; or
```

> 1. Sign the `tbsCertificate` with a "dummy" Private Key whose Public Key component is not certified by a Certificate that does not chain to a publicly-trusted CA Certificate; or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Sign the `tbsCertificate` with a "dummy" Private Key whose Public Key component is certified by a Certificate that does not chain to a publicly-trusted CA Certificate; or
```
Removing 'not' to remove the double-negative
